Let us improve the agentic architecture to improve the quality and add more features to the 
app. The updated set of agents should be as below:
1.	Job Researcher agent that takes the job listing URL from the user to research and analyse 
about the skills and requirements for the role, the hiring company’s hiring patterns, their 
job requirements. This researcher should also be good at taking the Linkedin URL of the 
job posting and scrape through the page to researc and analyze the requirements. It 
should also be able to pick the company and job listing and proceed to the company 
careers page and search for the role to gather requirements.
2.	A profiling agent that reads and does semantic search over the user’s resume to 
understand the user’s skills, job roles and achievement, the impact delivered by the user. 
The profiler should take the user’s resume and the linkedin profile link as the input and 
should think like a recruiter, hiring manager as well as a career coach.
3.	A highlighter agent that takes help from the profiling agent  and job researcher agent 
and also reads and semantically searches the resume to produce a short insightful 
summary of the relevant points from the user’s resume for that job role and that 
company’s usual hiring requirement. It should also give a neutral summary of the points 
from the user’s resume that are not relevant or clearly against the job listing’s 
requirement or the company’s hiring requirements. The output should be a short set of 2 
to 3 lines about the user’s relevance to the job role as well as the company’s usual hiring 
requirements and then optionally 2 to 3 lines about the user’s lack of fit for the job role 
and the company’s usual hiring requirements.
4.	An interview role researcher agent that uses google search extensively to understand the 
company in which the job is listed, the culture and business as well as the current 
business projects to highlight relevant to the job role. What are the company's principles 
that it considers to hire? What are its key culture tenets? The objective of this agent is to 
produce a short bulleted summary of these points to display to the user and also supply 
this critical information to the interview preparer agent. It is very helpful to direct the 
user to more public URLs about the company as well.
5.	An interview pattern researcher agent that uses google search extensively to understand 
the interviewing structure of the hiring company, their key interviewing patterns and 
what they look for in candidates in terms of role fit, cultural fit and qualifications. The 
objective of this role is to identify expected number of interviews and focus of each of 
these interviews so that the interview preparer can prepare questions for each round. If 
the agent is not able to find any relevant information after extensive google search, in 
the worst case scenario, and as a last resort, it can revert to using industry level patterns 
about the expected interviews in that industry for such a role.
6.	An interviewer preparer agent that uses google search to understand the interviewing 
structure of the hiring company, and generates a mix of atleast 5 questions for each of 
the interview rounds identified by the interview pattern researcher with the focus on the 
company as identified by the interview role researcher with relevant talking points. This 
agent should take the inputs from the Job researcher agent and Profiling agent to ensure 
that the questions as well as talking points are tailored both to the specific job role and 
that particular candidate. This agent should take the inputs from the Interview Pattern 
researcher agent and Interview Role researcher agent to ensure that all the expected 
interviews are included, the companies hiring principles are covered and the overall 
business and cultural environment in which the company is hiring for this role is covered. 
This agent was trained on hundreds of interview questions and resumes and understands 
the nuances of the interview processes. Also give suggestions on how the user can use 
these talking points to give a good narrative answer highlighting the business value 
added by their actions.
7.	A Quality agent ensures that the final output of each of the agents is up to the quality 
standard expected, i.e.: 1. The interview role researcher’s output  has a short bulleted 
summary of the company, their business and culture and key points about the business 
division, team and role they are hiring for and optionally some useful URLs, 2. The 
Interview pattern researcher is able to identify the expected rounds of interviews and 
their focus and 3. the interview preparer is aligned and relevant for the specific job role 
and resume, and that there are atleast 3 interview rounds and alteast 5 questions in 
each interview round.

