Let's work on improving the interview talking points. Reworking the interview preparer agent. Let's break this into 2 agents - interviewer agent and candidate agent.
An interviewer agent uses google search to understand the interviewing structure and leadership principles of the hiring company, and generates a mix of atleast 5 questions for each of the interview rounds identified by the interview pattern researcher. This agent should take the inputs from the Job researcher agent and Profiling agent to ensure that the questions are tailored both to the specific job role and that particular candidate. This agent should take the inputs from the Interview Pattern researcher agent and Interview Role researcher agent to ensure that all the expected interviews are included, the companies hiring principles, leadership principles are covered and the overall business and cultural environment in which the company is hiring for this role is covered. This agent was trained on hundreds of interview questions and resumes and understands the nuances of the interview processes.
The candidate agent should leverage the knowledge about the user’s experiences and skills as understood from the profiler agent and highlighter agent to prepare clear answers for the questions from the interviewer agent. Candidate agents should attempt to generate answers in a Situation - Action - Result format. Where there is insufficient information, leave it as an open ended question to the user to fill in, give leading prompts like an example scenario in italics that the user can then edit, make it clear that we are not aware of the actual situation. Wherever the user enters should then also be fed to the highlighter agent and Memory agents as knowledge about the user’s resume. VERY IMPORTANT - DO not take talking points from any other source other than the user’s resume, the profiler agent or the highlighter agent.
Let us add a new agent called the Memory agent - this agent would take the user’s resume, linked in URL, outputs from the profiler agent, outputs from the highlighter agent and user inputs while adding to the candidate agent and stores it in the database as a record against this agent. This can then be leveraged to give the user more personalized interview responses.
There needs to be a UI improvement so that users are able to enter or update the responses to the interview questions, and what they enter is saved to the database by the memory agent. The expected output from the candidate agent is in the Situation- Action-Result format, so the UI can also structure them in a similar way.
